Story 1.

There was a king,his name is Akbar.One day in his court,one man aksed question "how many crows are in city"?
no one had the answer.but at that time birbal replied there is 4312 crows are there in the city.
   Akbar was surprised with his answer and asked him ,how did he know?.
then birbal said,send one man out to count .if lesser than the number then some crows are went out to visit
their relatives.
if count is more ,then some crows came here to visiting their families.then akbar was impressed with his answer,
and offered him with gifts to his wit.

Moral:some times you have to learn to think out of the box.

Story 2.

One day, a farmer was looking for a water source for his farm,and he bought a well from his neighbour.the neighbour
was cunning,but the farmer does not know it.
next day the farmer went near to the well,to draw the water from well.But the neighbour was refused him to take 
the water.farmer asked why,then the neighbour replied ,i sold you only well not water with in it,and he walked
 away.
next day farmer went to the emperor to ask for justice.and he explained what had happened.
the emperor called birbal to slove the farmers problem.the birbal proceeded to question the neigbour.why did you
refuse him to take water?,then the neighbour replied ,i did sell him only well not water.then birbal said,
so you dont have rights to keep water with in the well.so either you pay rent to the farmer or take it out.
the neighbour realized ,his plan was failed,he said sorry and walked away from court. 


Story 3:
Once there was a Fox and a Stork. the fox was selfish but he decided to invite the stork for dinner.
the stork was very happy to be invited and she reached his home on time.
the fox opened the door and invited her in .they sat on a table and he served her some soup in a shallow bowl.
while the fox licked up his soup,the stork couldnt drink it because she has a long beak and the bowl was too shallow.
 the next day,the stork was invited the fox for dinner.she served him soup ,but in too narrow vases.the stork 
enjoyed her soup and finished it.the fox went his home very hungry realizing his mistake.

Moral:Dont be selfish because it will come back to you at some point.


Story 4.
Confidence will give success:
 Ram was eldest among his brothers,he was very intelligent and adroit.when he passed his 12 he is worried about his career,and he tried to clear many competitive exams but he 
but he did not get success.whenever he met his friends and family members he was felt very shy because he had no answer about his career.
   One day he decided to quitting his studies and started planning to do bussiness,but once he remembered his schooldays however he was good in studies.
And again he started for attending exams,he attended one exam while results came out ,he was qualified after six months training  and he got placed in govt job.

Story 5.
 Never act before you think:

Once upon a time,a farmer had a duck and its name is goose and that laid a golden egg every day,and the farmer every day sold it and get money and that money is enough 
for their daily life.
the farmer and his wife continuted to be happy for a long time.But,one day the farmer thought himself,why should we take one egg a day? why cant we take  all of them at once 
and to make a lot of money?.the farmer told his idea to his wife and the foolish wife agreeded.
The Next day the duck laid a egg after, the farmer quick and killed it with a knife and cut its stomach with full of expectations,after that he saw there is no golden 
eggs in the stomach,he realized his mistake.
After some days they became poor.










